date: 9/5/2016

Ive decided that this is actually the best way for me to write every day: to just use my laptop and
version control and do it. Its what Im fast with. Its the only way a stream-of-conciousness journal will actually seem
to be of the type 'stream'. The goal is to be able to peruse later my thoughts. 
I'm going to try to write about big, daunting questions in these. Well, actually, no. 
Its going to be an amalgamation of thoughts. If they sum to something
more, great.

Yesterday I watched "The Internets Own Boy", a documentary on Aaron Schwartz. It choked me up.
There are few times where I've truly understood or was moved by the death of someone of absolutely 
never met or come in contact with or real even knew well at all. I got that feeling with Aaron.
The documentary itself was inspiring. I felt the need to be regularly inspired like that.
I remember when I was in highschool one time and I was shooting hoops in the driveway.
I went out there because I just watched an NBA game, can't recall what teams.
I was like 'shit, I want to be that good', so I went outside and started practicing
(Long story short on that one, no dice). My brother pointed out how easily I was inspired to go 
practice and I was actually insulted for some reason. Like his point was that I was easily 
emotionally swayed and not the stoic that I should be. Ha! Oh man to be inspired with 
ease is a gift. This is one goal of this writing. To slip in the emotion of feeling 
inspired into the daily self-referential loop.

Inspired to act, to be clear. To do, what? How does inspiration manifest itself then is the next question I beg of myself.
I have been cynical much of my life, that much is true. I have never voted.
I have never been politically involved. I have always avoided those discussions like the plague.
That last thing I don't much regret to be honest.
The average political discussion is so wrapped up with individual's identities that it 
quickly becomes emotionally charged and the goal posts get moved so many times, 
eventually squaring up so that if I make a good point, I've just launched a kick into 
the forehead of whomever is on the other end. I prefer to be on the sidelines in this metaphor, 
noting which team appears stronger. So I've found some organizations I think I should try to 
be active with: demandprogress (Aaron founded this one), equal rights initiative. 
Well just those as they were in the documentary. Wherever I end up in the next 4-6 months, 
I'll be seeking out groups in the city Im in.
